(WIP)
Idea: An entirely-nomadic civilization of Archkin and Humans who constantly travelled across the Infinite Fields in search for a "promised land".
Their tale is originally inspired by the "Exodus" from the bible, as their people were originally members of Marlika during Khueen's rule. Led by Morgale, she bargained with Khueen to "let her peoeple go", just like how Moses spoke with the Pharoe of Egypt.
This main struggle stemmed from how humans and archkin were treated in Marlika, alongside most archkin society. Normally, archkin are seen as equals and lived alongside humans in casual daily settings. However, those who would inevitably join the ranks of Avalon wished the opposite.
They believed Archkin were deserving of importance, respect, worship, and separation between "mortale" and "divine". Avalonian Archkin often wore masks due to it being believed that mortals aren't "worthy" of gazing upon them casually.
However, when Morgale petitioned with Khueen for Avalon to split off from Marlika, surprisingly, she had no objections to it whatsoever— immediately cutting-off and splitting this story away from its original biblical inspirations and roots. In fact, The Avalonian Exodus would quickly grow to be one of Marlika's most crucial allies.

Being the Archgod of Artifice, despite being the weakest archgod, Morgale ran Avalon in a very... unique... fashion. She advanced its technology to the point where they had an Intranet, a shared world-wide network only accessible to Avalonians. And, to organize her people effectively, Morgale portrayed herself as a "Live Streamer".
Over time, due to her lack of social skills, this caused most Avalonians to be in 3 groups regardng Morgale. People either worshiped her like super fans, didn't care much about her, or wish she was replaced. Despite that, for whatever reason, she was never taken off from her authority and leadership.

Culture-wise, Avalon is mainly celtic-inspired. But as more Outposts were made and more people joined as they travelled from Exspanse to Exspanse, they adopted more cultures, like African, Spanish, and even East-Asian.
For instance: utpost 3 (An-Tri'Fhiana) in Lejos had more African-Celtic inspired Avalonians. Meanwhile, Outpost 7 and Avalon City had EastAsia-Celtic Avalonians.
